[Music]
hey guys today we're taking a look at
the dope sequel to species now if you
haven't seen the original don't worry i
have a recap for that one too
[Music]
a group of astronauts is on their way to
mars oh look some advertisements for the
martians
the main astronaut guy patrick gets off
the spaceship plants the american flag
stands proudly and collects a couple
samples of martian dirt
the whole event is being broadcast live
we see a man in a mental ward watching
in despair as the mission proceeds
successfully
well that just about wraps up this whole
mission apparently time to head back to
earth
uh-oh it looks like one of the samples
is defrosting the sample container
violently bursts open as a symbio-like
creature oozes out
it flows towards the crew before
exploding outward i'm sure everything's
fine
the astronauts head home and we got to a
delightful view of a woman strapped up
in a chair
contained within a glass cage this is
eve a more docile clone of sil
the hot alien girl from the first movie
laura the female scientist from the
first film leads his operation
the running tests on eve in search of
vulnerability so that humanity can
better defend itself in the event of an
alien invasion toxic gas fills the cage
and eve screams in agony begging laura
to help her
it seems the experiment is a success as
eve is covered in wounds
the military official overseeing the
test is quite pleased well
until those same moons miraculously heal
in seconds eve's alien biology is able
to adapt
everything they throw at it after the
test eve somberly reflects on her life
as a lab rat
she reminds laura that she's still human
and laura acknowledges this and
reassures her that she took this job to
make sure her well-being was a priority
the astronauts make it back safely to
earth they undergo preliminary tests as
several excited onlookers watch
fortunately the crew's in perfect health
but just to be safe they need to abstain
from sexual activity for the next 10
days they're less than pleased by that
news
during a celebratory fundraiser hosted
by senator ross patrick's father
patrick decides to throw caution out the
window as he makes out with the groupie
he's called to the stage to give a
speech and he rushes over patrick
reflects on the incredible experience of
being on mars
and how tiny and insignificant the earth
looked particularly
how easy it looked to destroy that's
foreshadowing patrick heads off upstairs
to his hotel and the woman from earlier
marcy is there waiting and she brought
along her sister
lucy a steamy threesome commences with
patrick taking turns between the two
girls
somehow eve seems to be telepathically
linked to patrick
her heart rate accelerates throughout
the course of the threesome marcy leaves
to the bathroom while patrick gets to
work on lucy
in the bathroom marcy begins to feel
something in her stomach and before you
know it
she's in labor the accelerated alien
pregnancy has left her with a bulging
stomach
she panics meanwhile lucy's dream come
true turns into a nightmare
as tentacles sprout from patrick's back
she begs him to stop but the primal
alien dna has taken over him
and he keeps going back in the bathroom
marcy's belly splits open and out comes
bursting a horrifying alien human hybrid
baby
back in the lab eve's excitement reaches
a fever pitch as she crushes a baseball
with her hand
afterwards patrick hides his two new
sons in a secluded cabin and later
confronts his senator father
patrick tells him that he doesn't feel
good and can't remember what happened to
him after the fundraiser
his dad is a real no-nonsense guy and
tells him to man up
he also knows what he's been up to you
keep your dick in your pants
and your eyes on the prize we cut to one
of the mars mission scientists
dr urinsky desperately trying to contact
dr cromwell
the nutcase from earlier apparently they
were former colleagues
rinsky examines patrick's blood and sees
the alien dna taking over
before irinsky manages to speak with
crownwell a beaker containing patrick's
blood tips itself over and shatters
something's not right with his blood it
begins to trail off with a mind of its
own towards the wall
orrinsky walks over to inspect then an
alien arm erupts from the wall
disemboweling him that was fast laura
meets with the geralt of rivia
just kidding that's colonel carter they
proceed to discuss the autopsy findings
this murder was definitely carried down
by a human alien hybrid but it doesn't
quite match eve's dna
plus she's been strictly contained and
monitored we cut to preston
the mercenary character from the first
film seems he now goes by press
and operates a private business offering
security services he's giving a
demonstration to a crowd of an
anti-hostage attack squad when colonel
carter pulls him aside to share the
great news
there's another alien running amok and
he needs press's help to stop it
again he declines but is quickly
persuaded
a million dollars tax-free atta boy
colonel carter takes press to the lab
where eve is being held
even press lock eyes before laura
angrily escorts him away
she explains that eve is a more docile
clone of seal her mating instincts have
been turned down
and they also limit the amount of
testosterone allowed near her press is
quite surprised to see laura running
this operation
remarking that the old lora had more
soul they had a bit of a fling in the
first movie
they bicker a bit before the colonel
sets them straight you killed one of
these
alien things before do it again after
going over urinsky's phone records
press and laura decide to check up on dr
cromwell the former scientist that was
exiled to a loony bin
he explains that he was tasked with
examining a martian meteorite that
landed in antarctica a few years ago
it contained fossilized life from
another galaxy cromwell theorized that
mars was visited by plague-like alien
species over a billion years ago
turning it from a lush planet to the
lifeless rock we know today
when he got wind of the impending mars
mission he warned them profusely not to
go
in retaliation they silenced him by
firing him from stanford
the harassment got so bad for him that
he ended up breaking the pentagon
general's jaw in a fistfight which
landed him in his current predicament
press and laura relayed this news to
colonel carter and further theorized
that the astronauts might have been
contaminated by martian samples
he's quite skeptical but press motivates
him to act they could
the human race into extinction the
colonel suggests they start with patrick
patrick is seen about to do another
dirty deed when press busts down his
front door
brandishing a sideways pistol that's how
a trained mercenary holds a gun
patrick and his friend don't seem to
notice and continue onward press barges
into the bedroom
but no one's there patrick is not at his
house
they decide to check on the other
astronauts starting with ann who's about
to make love with her husband
they speed over to their house with
press sensing that something's about to
go down
ann and her husband have just ramped up
and within moments her belly expands to
full capacity
her belly bursts and the terrifying
alien inside her flings a tentacle
appendage towards her husband's face
mutilating and killing him near
instantly press and laura run up the
stairs and bust in
he shoots the alien and laura sprays it
with some kind of gaseous weapon her lab
devised
anne is unfortunately dead we cut to
dennis on a boat date
he's about to get laid but gets an
untimely interruption instead
they take him to the lab and test his
blood while he's interrogated
they ask about anne's recent behavior
but he claims she's been normal
he demands to know what happened to her
and they break the news he's shooken up
the situation escalates with things
nearly becoming deadly before the test
results come back negative
he's not infected the morning after his
encounter patrick awakens to see a dead
girl
her stomach is wide open and a small
toddler stands beside the bed
patrick is sickened but knows what must
be done he grabs a shotgun as dennis
drives up to his house
he attempts to kill himself blowing his
brains out his alien powers kick in and
his head grows back
dennis watches in shock and reports back
to the lab about what he saw
he decides to join the effort to stop
the calamity from continuing
patrick's suicide attempt wipes away his
inner humanity he proceeds to go on a
hooker killing spree he runs through
quite a number of them
and ends up with a small village of
children not sure how he's feeding them
all
he feels every encounter patrick has
prompting colonel and laura to discuss
eve's latent telepathic abilities
her alien side is suppressed but can be
opened up with radiation
laura doesn't want to do it aware of the
pain it will cause eve but eve is
willing to help and undergoes the
procedure
her inner alien is awakened and she can
now see everything that patrick does
they play a game of telepathic telephone
with press and dennis as they hunt down
patrick he's at a supermarket in the
cereal section
press really needs to know where that is
where's the goddamn cereal
patrick signs an autograph for a girl
before abruptly grabbing her and
dragging her off to his truck
press and dennis follow along in perfect
synchrony
[Music]
they walk up to a gyrating van and press
breaks the window before waving his gun
around inside
uh-oh looks like this was the other van
people were having sex in honest mistake
press over at the prime sex fan we see
patrick in the midst of mating
when he suddenly connects with eve he's
now aware of her they share a little
moment and eve broadcast her location in
the lab
patrick loses interest in his catch and
angrily shoots her away before stepping
out of the van
press and dennis apprehend him he
submits peacefully fending ignorance
about anything alien related
eve senses him approaching as they drive
into the facility patrick is initially
calm
but breaks free in search of eve she
begs laura to open the door but she of
course declines patrick barges into the
room
nothing's getting between him and eve
they lock eyes and breathe heavy
separated only by a thin glass door eve
has visions of them mating in their true
alien form
patrick runs up on laura violently
demanding she let eve go and nearly
killing her with his dexterous alien
tongue
press comes to the rescue just in the
nick of time spraying patrick with the
gas gun which causes him to run away
afterwards dennis is seen eyeing eve up
she follows his gaze with lustful eyes
before noticing something and quickly
becomes apathetic towards him laura
explains that the aliens can sense
genetic defects
and that dennis has a recessive gene for
sickle cell anemia
hence why he was spared infection the
aliens are vulnerable to human disease
laura reasons that they can weaponize
his weakness patrick returns to his cozy
cabin in the woods to greet his children
before being stopped by his father
he tells patrick that he knows what
happened and wants to help him the
military
on the other hand wants his head but he
assures him he'll keep him safe and get
him the best treatment available
patrick embraces his father and cries
for help they share a heartwarming
moment before patrick's inner alien
awakens
sending a tentacle up his father's gut
and through his mouth patrick's gaze
turns dead as he looks upon his
offspring
time to eat up back at the lab laura has
synthesized a toxin using dennis's blood
that should neutralize the aliens
meanwhile patrick's cabin is now full of
cocoons baking away
patrick is a very loving alien father
standing by and watching proudly as one
of his sons materializes a cocoon
press and dennis gear up choosing a
pistol and a machete
respectively they're about to head off
when eve escapes damn
she's strong the military shoots her
down but her magic alien powers kick in
healing her instantly she gets in a car
and drives off to patrick as the group
follows suit
how does she know how to
dukes of drive she arrives at the cabin
and makes a beeline towards patrick
they begin to mate laura and dennis
spray the cocoons to death
using the gas gun while patrick and eve
get it on they shed their outer human
form
and even tangles him with her tentacles
press walks in on their mating ritual
and points his gun at the strange
cocoon-like construct they've created
for inexplicable reasons press politely
ask eve to move out of the way
great idea patrick now a gargantuan
alien male
promptly emerges and knocks press and
dennis on their asses for a pleads with
eve to help them and she complies
erecting spikes from her back that
impale patrick he shrugs it off then
knocks her back before continuing the
mating ritual
eve struggles and patrick transforms
into a more powerful two-headed alien to
restrain her
he finishes up killing even the process
laura is heartbroken
patrick goes back to having one head
then attacks the group starting with
press who shoots him
and laura who sprays him neither are
very effective dennis cleverly tells
press to use his blood
press stabs dennis in the leg with a
pitchfork covering the tips with his dna
he then hurls the pitchfork at patrick
it's a critical strike
taking immediate effect patrick slumps
over and dies
press and laura share a celebratory
cigarette did you start smoking
just now as medics tend to even dennis
who is in good spirits
oh and then this happens thanks for
watching everyone if you enjoyed the
video please let me know in the comments
i read them all and i comment on them
all because i have no life